Add TypeScript subsection for atomFamily (#65)
pmndrs/website: docs/jotai/api/utils.mdx

const fooFamily = atomFamily((param) => atom(param), deepEqual)
```

### TypeScript

> Types are defined like this:

Reviewer: Maybe change this line to:  
"You can explicitly declare the parameter, value, and atom's update function types using TypeScript generics"

```ts
atomFamily<Param, Value, Update>(initializeAtom: (param: Param) => WritableAtom<Value, Update>, areEqual?: (a: Param, b: Param) => boolean)
atomFamily<Param, Value>(initializeAtom: (param: Param) => Atom<Value>, areEqual?: (a: Param, b: Param) => boolean)
```

> It's generally recommended to infer types from initializeAtom.

Reviewer: "The atom family types will be inferred from initializeAtom."  

I think we can mention this part first and then talk about generics.

const fooFamily = atomFamily((param) => atom(param), deepEqual)
```

### TypeScript

> The atom family types will be inferred from initializeAtom.
> It's generally recommended to infer types from initializeAtom.
> You can explicitly declare the parameter, value, and atom's update function types using TypeScript generics.
> 
> ```ts
> atomFamily<Param, Value, Update>(initializeAtom: (param: Param) => WritableAtom<Value, Update>, areEqual?: (a: Param, b: Param) => boolean)
> atomFamily<Param, Value>(initializeAtom: (param: Param) => Atom<Value>, areEqual?: (a: Param, b: Param) => boolean)
> ```
> 
> Here's a typical usage with a primitive atom.
> 
> ```ts
> import type { PrimitiveAtom } from 'jotai'
> 
> const myFamily = atomFamily((id: number) => atom(id))
> // the type of atom(id) is PrimitiveAtom<number>
> // PrimitiveAtom<number> is WritableAtom<number, SetStateAction<number>>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The atom family types will be inferred from initializeAtom. Here's a typical usage with a primitive atom.

```ts
import type { PrimitiveAtom } from 'jotai'

/** 
 * here the atom(id) returns a PrimitiveAtom<number>
 * and PrimitiveAtom<number> is a WritableAtom<number, SetStateAction<number>>
 */ 
const myFamily = atomFamily((id: number) => atom(id))
```

You can explicitly declare the type of parameter, value, and atom's setState function using TypeScript generics.

```ts
atomFamily<Param, Value, Update>(initializeAtom: (param: Param) => WritableAtom<Value, Update>, areEqual?: (a: Param, b: Param) => boolean)
atomFamily<Param, Value>(initializeAtom: (param: Param) => Atom<Value>, areEqual?: (a: Param, b: Param) => boolean)
```
```

Reviewer: looks like Github has a bug when adding code inside suggestions. I had to artificially escape "```".

Author: Thanks. OK, I'll commit it and fix it.

> If you want to explicitly declare it for a primitive atom, you need to use `SetStateAction`.

Reviewer 2: `it` is a bit ambiguous here. Would it help if we explicitly state what we're talking about?

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to explicitly declare the atomFamily for a primitive atom, you need to use `SetStateAction`.
```
Does this help?

Reviewer 2: I believe so, yes.

Reviewer 2: I believe so, yes.
